Update sqlite-databases.md (#5254)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-dev-docs: uwp/data-access/sqlite-databases.md

## Set up your solution to use the Microsoft.Data.SQlite library

> We'll start with a basic UWP project, and then install the appropriate Nuget packages, please pay attention, install `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite` NOT `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll start with a basic UWP project, and then install the appropriate Nuget packages.

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure you install the `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite' package and not 'Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core`. This package will install `Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core` as a dependency.
```
